Wei Chen
Qin Humei's matter must not be settled like this
He not only
Let's take care of the family in front of the commander-in-chief
Lost so much face
It also cost you Du Jun's position
Don't worry, mother.
I will never let him go this time.
Qin Huomei, how dare you come back?
You made me lose my position as overseer and dare to come back
Believe it or not, I'll shoot you right away
Don't worry, Beichen
Not only will you not lose your position as overseer
Will also become the four permanent masters
Pardon me?
Here is the letter of recommendation from the commander-in-chief
And the seal of the commander-in-chief
The commander-in-chief said
He will fully promote you as the deputy mayor
What you said is true.
Ouch Huawei
Is this really the commander-in-chief's recommendation line?
Huawei, you are amazing.
Ouch hahaha
Huawei
You are really the lucky star of our Gu family.
The faces of the Gu family
Change is really fast
A bunch of mercenary villains
Sister Huomei is really amazing
Can you get it from the commander-in-chief?
Get a letter of recommendation from the deputy mayor
But I heard that this commander-in-chief is lustful and lustful
Sister, you were born so handsome
This oops
I must have thought too much
Sister won't do anything
I'm sorry about Beichen
You Beichen
I wholeheartedly care for my family
My sister is still making fun of me here
I don't have it.
Sister, don't get me wrong
If Beichen becomes the deputy city lord
Then the Gu family will soar into the sky
Thanks to my sister
Okay.
Of course, it is essential for the thrush to recommend the play
However, the city lord's selection of the deputy city lord
It is usually demanding
This also requires
The whole of Beijing
Only the wealthy families in Pingcheng can support it.
Mother said
Ah Jingyun
Your neighbor is in the city with a wealthy family
Always close
You will go back to your mother's house tomorrow
Have a good discussion with your father.
Look at this.
What to do?
It's mother at this time
Reminds me of me
This life
I will no longer take care of your family's prosperity
As a stepping stone